K8SPG-771 Documented PVC snapshot support (#362)
percona/k8spg-docs: docs/backup-resource-options.md

| ----------- | ---------- |
| :material-code-string: string     | `repo1` |

### `method`

> Specifies what method to use for the backup. When undefined, uses `pgBackRest` by default. Supported value is `volumeSnapshot`. See [PVC snapshot support](backups-pvc-snapshots.md) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies what method to use for the backup. When undefined, uses `pgBackRest` by default. Supported values are `volumeSnapshot` and `pgBackRest`. See [PVC snapshot support](backups-pvc-snapshots.md) to learn more.
```
